Shopkeeper Lin, why are you here?
Come, come, come in
I said Shopkeeper Lin
Why did you come to me at this time?
If Li Rongfa sees this, I'll be finished
The tone of the iron rice boss
You are afraid of him
Well, it's not about fear.
Shopkeeper Lin, what are you looking for me for?
I want to talk to you about cooperation.
You just offended Li Rongfa
How do we talk about cooperation?
I still miss you, please come back
What about when Boss Fan comes?
I have investigated
The business you cooperate with Li Rongfa's restaurant
The price he offered you
3 pieces are lower than the market price.
What's your business?
Boss Fan
Your cooperative business with Li Rongfa Restaurant
If you don't cooperate with him
I'm afraid no one will dare to cooperate with you
Let's have a chat.